README.md, before:

# MovieFy

MovieFy is a movie rating plaform, powered by React.

![mac](screenshots/mac1.PNG)

# New Features!

  - Added an option to Add Movie
  - On changing rating or after adding a movie, a popup with JSON will appear

You can also:
  - See movies in the form of tiles
  - Open each movie in separate section
  - Rate each movie

`Note: This website will only run on full screen mode on desktop as it is **not resposive** as of now.`

### Screenshots

Here are some screenshots of the website:

![Tablet](screenshots/tab.PNG)
`Note: This website is not compatible with tablets or mobile as of now.`

![Mac](screenshots/macbook.PNG)

### Tech

MovieFy uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

* ReactJS - A Javascript Framework
* Movies API - API to fetch movies (will be integrated in future, right now it uses local JSON file to fetch data)

And of course MovieYy itself is open source with a [public repository][moviefy]
 on GitHub.

### Installation

MovieFy requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v10+ to run.

Install the dependencies and devDependencies and start the server.

```sh
$ #clone moviefy.
$ cd moviefy
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

For production environments...

 - Install gh-pages *(Google it)*
 - Setup ```homepage: https://[your-user-name].github.io/[your-repo-name]/``` in package.json
 - Setup ```"predeploy": "npm run build", "deploy": "gh-pages -d build"``` in "scripts" of package.json 
 - Run: ```$ npm run deploy```


### Development

Want to contribute? Great!
You are welcome to contribute and increase the features on this website.

### Todos

 - Integrate Front End with Back End
 - Add Login and Sign Up Authentication
 - **Make website responsive**

License
----

[GNU GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)


**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**

[//]: # (Reference links)


   [moviefy]: <https://github.com/b30wulffz/moviefy>

Commit message:

Added link to actual website.

README.md, after:

# MovieFy

MovieFy is a movie rating plaform, powered by React.

![mac](screenshots/mac1.PNG)

# New Features!

  - Added an option to Add Movie
  - On changing rating or after adding a movie, a popup with JSON will appear

You can also:
  - See movies in the form of tiles
  - Open each movie in separate section
  - Rate each movie

`Note: This website will only run on full screen mode on desktop as it is **not resposive** as of now.`

You can visit the website by clicking [here](b30wulffz.github.io/moviefy/).

### Screenshots

Here are some screenshots of the website:

![Tablet](screenshots/tab.PNG)
`Note: This website is not compatible with tablets or mobile as of now.`

![Mac](screenshots/macbook.PNG)

### Tech

MovieFy uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

* ReactJS - A Javascript Framework
* Movies API - API to fetch movies (will be integrated in future, right now it uses local JSON file to fetch data)

And of course MovieYy itself is open source with a [public repository][moviefy]
 on GitHub.

### Installation

MovieFy requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v10+ to run.

Install the dependencies and devDependencies and start the server.

```sh
$ #clone moviefy.
$ cd moviefy
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

For production environments...

 - Install gh-pages *(Google it)*
 - Setup ```homepage: https://[your-user-name].github.io/[your-repo-name]/``` in package.json
 - Setup ```"predeploy": "npm run build", "deploy": "gh-pages -d build"``` in "scripts" of package.json 
 - Run: ```$ npm run deploy```


### Development

Want to contribute? Great!
You are welcome to contribute and increase the features on this website.

### Todos

 - Integrate Front End with Back End
 - Add Login and Sign Up Authentication
 - **Make website responsive**

License
----

[GNU GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)


**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**

[//]: # (Reference links)


   [moviefy]: <https://github.com/b30wulffz/moviefy>
